Update with changes from Dev (#369)
satisfactorymodding/Documentation: modules/ROOT/pages/Development/BeginnersGuide/ReleaseMod.adoc

  or break how other mods interact with your mod,
  you should increase the Major version, for example `2.0.0`.

If you wish to release a pre-release version of your mod,
use the extended `Major.Minor.Patch-PrereleaseString` format,
where `PrereleaseString` is an

> https://semver.org/#spec-item-9[alphanumeric-and-dash] string of your choice, such as `pre1`.

Author: ```suggestion
https://semver.org/#spec-item-9[alphanumeric-and-dot] string of your choice, such as `pre.1` or `beta.12`.
```

[IMPORTANT]
====
In most cases, especially for mods with no custom {cpp} code, *_you should check all 3 Release Target checkboxes_*.
This means your mod can be installed on game clients and dedicated servers.
====

[id="ArchivedPluginsDirectory"]
=== How Mod File Exporting Works

Up until this point, you have likely been using the Alpakit Dev 'copy to mods directory' feature
to stage your mods files in game's folders for testing.

> Behind the scenes, using the Alpakit the Unreal Build Tool to generate zip files in the mod's **ArchivedPlugins** folder located at
> `<starter project folder>/Saved/ArchivedPlugins/YourModReference/YourModReference-TargetPlatformName.zip`.

Author: ```suggestion
Behind the scenes, Alpakit uses the Unreal Build Tool and Unreal Automation Tool to generate zip files in the mod's **ArchivedPlugins** folder located at
`<starter project folder>/Saved/ArchivedPlugins/YourModReference/YourModReference-TargetPlatformName.zip`.
```
